ever place the motor mount and it went
on real easy going back on top here
I'll get the bolts screwed on as
appropriate got it mounted on a pretty
hefty pole here see for being up here so
long I haven't seen any real issues with
the antenna itself
get some stuff screw down rotation see
the light is on the replacement rotor
blue seems to be working well
downstairs you just have to hold the
button in to continue rotation when you
let it up it stops all the powers being
transferred by the coaxial cable and you
get the full 360
alright let's go inside and check out
the signal so we have a signal getting
signals in from Ocean City Maryland
Ocean City Maryland about 50 miles
directly east of us we're in Southern
Maryland and CBS is coming in at about
60 so we're picking up Maryland Public
Television I'm still picking it up again
this is over 50 miles away